#### As a customer-focused Information Technology professional, I collaborate with engineering team, business partners, various other stakeholders to design, define, and deliver high-visibility programs and innovative solutions. Throughout my career, I have managed software projects and programs, banking industry products development, budgets, and teams to increase efficiencies while reducing costs. I partner with team members to develop strategies, define scope, establish infrastructure, specify deliverables, and execute plans. To maintain agility and continuous improvement, I align assignments with individuals' talents and provide coaching, performance feedback, and development opportunities. I've led and developed several software products (UI, API and Backend) at American Express Technologies which are directly used by millions of customers across the world. Quality is a priority for me. By defining measurable matrix, identifying/resolving potential risks, and communicating effectively across functions, I ensure adherence to standards, timelines, and deliverables. I tailor technical reporting and presentations to promote understanding among all audiences, gain buy-in, and ensure sustainable implementation of products and processes. For more information visit my website: https://resume.hightechguru.net/

<!---
kgurumurthybhat/kgurumurthybhat is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
